hello to all guys from the android world
today we're going to see more
in depth the cyanogenmod 11
this is a galaxy nexus is very much on board
just the cyanogenmod 11 ultramarine lace
del 17 as you can see galaxy nexus e
la reiss is precisely that of kit 4.4.2
this is a video to show you all
the peculiarities that cyan gen
typical of the team and how it runs
this cyan gen
on this smartphone I will give you
also my opinions after a month
let's say about that I installed this
stuff
let's start immediately where the home screen is
typical of kit kat
the lockscreen we can go to insert
shortcuts and enable widgets
which are normally deactivated then in
themes we should go to download
from the play stop the themes or from xda è
install an interface we have one
wide range of shares
a wide range of options where to
example in status bar we could go to
change to battery and go insert to
its internal percentage after that
we could also go
sorry I missed an option
this option where we can go to
increase our navigation bar
then adding keys or up to bhutan
we could go and change here however in the
power button precisely the settings
in fact there is reboot and screenshots
after that we go to the other and we could
go to increase the intensity of the
vibration go to change the range
of the colors below we find superior that
it is the burp in practice this Roma already there
provides slots and performances vi
will increase the clock of the
smartphone
I still have not done it but unite
almost all the roms then mine
personal impressions
this rom for everyday use is
really really good
will allow you to have a fluidity
almost like the stock
there is now and there are some light plugs
due to the stream I'm doing with
screencast of cyan gen
however I recommend you try this
rom because it has no last bug
bug has been fixed for graphic glitch
so when we were taking screenshots then
don't worry about any bugs
imperfections real system of juve
because it's really really all perfect
rom that is almost constantly updated
every week even out a rom a
sorry software update then
for this video and all bye by
mondadori